# Memory_Game
 I love memory games. Memory has long been a favorite game for all generations. It is easy to play, in fact it is so simple that really young children can play with ease. It requires observation, concentration and a good memory to win. Although the game is designed so two players play against each other it can also be played by a single player or by multiple players. The game is also known as Concentration, Pelmanism, Shinkei-suijaku, Pexeso and Pairs.  This was the game instruction: We want to implement a graphical user interface memory game with two players, where players can take turns. Your tasks includes: • create a card class that can store the location and image of one card. We will be using the provided Pokemon’s images • create a deck class with all the possible Pokemon cards. Remember that your are going to need two cards from each Pokemon (so that the user can match them) • before creating the board, the deck needs to be shuffled • now create the memory game class, where the actual game logic will be implemented • you will need to display the cards on the screen face-down. That is not showing the actual image of the card • the players now will take turns in playing – where a player will get to select on card and that card will be flipped (the image shown) – then the same player will be choosing anther card to show – if the two cards match, the player score will increase, and the player will get to continue playing – if the two cards do not match, then both will be flipped back to face-down and then the next player will get his chance to play – please allow a couple of seconds for the players to see the cards before flipping them back to face-down 
